TN Lookup guide update (#720)
Bandwidth/api-docs: site/docs/numbers/lookupNumbers.mdx

Currently, this service supports lookups of telephone numbers in the mainland United States, Alaska, Hawaii, District of Columbia, and the provinces of Canada. Telephone numbers submitted must be in E.164 format to be processed.

## Submit Number Lookup Request

To start the process of looking up information for a phone number, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to the [Create Lookup Request API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/createLookup) endpoint.

<Tabs

>   groupId="http_number_lookup_order"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  groupId="http_number_lookup_request"
```

> ## Submit Number Lookup Order

Reviewer: Can we change the use of "order" to "request" in all instances in this document?

> To submit number Lookup request, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to our [Create Lookup Order API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/createLookup) endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the process of looking up information for a phone number, make a <Highlight color="#079CEE">POST</Highlight> request to the [Create Lookup Request API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/createLookup) endpoint.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Fetch Requests Information

Since the TN Lookup request processing is asynchronous,  make a <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> request
to our [Get Lookup Order Status API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/getLookupStatus) endpoint to determine the status.
This can be done through tools like [Postman](https://github.com/Bandwidth/postman) or cURL.

### Examples:

#### Request URL

> <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> <code>https://numbers.bandwidth.com/api/v1/accounts/{accountId}/tnlookup/{orderId}</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> <code>https://numbers.bandwidth.com/api/v1/accounts/{accountId}/tnlookup/{requestId}</code>
```

<Tabs
groupId="numbers_lookup"
defaultValue="curl"
values={[
    { label: 'cURL', value: 'curl', }
]
}>

<TabItem value="curl">

```cURL

> curl 'https://numbers.bandwidth.com/api/v1/accounts/{accountId}/tnlookup/{orderId}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl 'https://numbers.bandwidth.com/api/v1/accounts/{accountId}/tnlookup/{requestId}'
```

-U '{userName}:{password}'
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Response statuses

The request status can be in one of these examples:

<Tabs

>   groupId="http_number_lookup_order_status"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  groupId="http_number_lookup_request_status"
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Fetch Request Information

Since the TN Lookup request processing is asynchronous,  make a <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> request
to our [Get Lookup Request Status API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/getLookupStatus) endpoint to determine the status.
This can be done through tools like [Postman](https://github.com/Bandwidth/postman) or cURL.

### Examples:

#### Request URL

<Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> <code>https://numbers.bandwidth.com/api/v1/accounts/{accountId}/tnlookup/{requestId}</code>

<Tabs
groupId="numbers_lookup"
defaultValue="curl"
values={[
    { label: 'cURL', value: 'curl', }
]
}>

<TabItem value="curl">

```cURL
curl 'https://numbers.bandwidth.com/api/v1/accounts/{accountId}/tnlookup/{requestId}'
-U '{userName}:{password}'
```
</TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Response statuses

> The request status can be in one of these examples:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At a given time, the request status for requests made can be 'IN PROGRESS', 'COMPLETE', or 'FAILED'. For requests on multiple TNs, that status can also be 'PARTIAL_COMPLETE'. Please refer to the examples below to see possible responses:
```

## Fetch Order Information

> Since the TN Lookup request is asynchronous it means that you need to make a <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the TN Lookup request processing is asynchronous,  make a <Highlight color="#00bf8c">GET</Highlight> request
```

> to our [Get Lookup Order Status API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/getLookupStatus) endpoint to get the request status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to our [Get Lookup Order Status API](../../../../apis/number-lookup#tag/Phone-Number-Lookup/operation/getLookupStatus) endpoint to determine the status.
```

</TabItem>

> <TabItem value="one_tn_complete">

Reviewer 2: labels should be "COMPLETE - One TN", "COMPLETE - Multiple TNs", "COMPLETE - No Information", "PARTIAL_COMPLETE - Multiple TNs" 

In other words, please add the status before the additional info :)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Where to next?

> Now that you have learned how to lookup for numbers, check out some of the other available actions in our guides:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have learned how to lookup information for phone numbers, check out some of the other available actions in our guides:
```

> - [How to port numbers](/docs/numbers/guides/porting/portingNumbers)

Reviewer: I would suggest leaving out the link to the port numbers guide.  Customers may think that this is used in that workflow when it should not be.
